README.md, before:

# SQLDeveloper Themes

## Intro
SQLDeveloper Themes is a collection of color schemes and UI themes for Oracle's 
SQLDeveloper. A JavaFX installer is also provided, since it is pretty cumbersome
to install this themes manually.

## Color Schemes

Currently the only color schemes available are conversions of some of the most
popular themes for Visual Studio Code. Feel free to add your own or other 
conversions 😀

### Ayu-Dark
[Original Repo](https://github.com/ayu-theme/vscode-ayu)
![Ayu-Dark Screenshot](img/schemes/ayu-dark.png)

### Ayu-Mirage
[Original Repo](https://github.com/ayu-theme/vscode-ayu)
![Ayu-Mirage Screenshot](img/schemes/ayu-mirage.png)

### Hopscotch
[Original Repo](https://github.com/idleberg/vscode-hopscotch)
![Hopscotch Screenshot](img/schemes/hopscotch.png)

### Nord Color Theme
[Original Repo](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord-visual-studio-code)
![Nord Color Theme Screenshot](img/schemes/nord.png)

### OneDark Pro
[Original Repo](https://github.com/Binaryify/OneDark-Pro)
![OneDark Pro Screenshot](img/schemes/onedark-pro.png)

### Palenight
[Original Repo](https://github.com/whizkydee/vscode-material-palenight-theme)
![Palenight Screenshot](img/schemes/palenight.png)

### Shades of Purple
[Original Repo](https://github.com/ahmadawais/shades-of-purple-vscode)
![Shades of Purple Screenshot](img/schemes/shades-of-purple.png)

### Winter is Coming Dark Blue
[Original Repo](https://github.com/johnpapa/vscode-winteriscoming)
![Winter is Coming Dark Blue Screenshot](img/schemes/winteriscoming-dark-blue.png)

### Winter is Coming Dark
[Original Repo](https://github.com/johnpapa/vscode-winteriscoming)
![Winter is Coming Dark Screenshot](img/schemes/winteriscoming-dark.png)

### Ayu-Light
[Original Repo](https://github.com/ayu-theme/vscode-ayu)
![Ayu-Light Screenshot](img/schemes/ayu-light.png)

### Winter is Coming Light
[Original Repo](https://github.com/johnpapa/vscode-winteriscoming)
![Winter is Coming Light Screenshot](img/schemes/winteriscoming-light.png)

Commit message:

feat: Pimp My SQLDeveloper documentation

README.md, after:

# SQLDeveloper Themes

## Intro

In this repository you will find:

- [Pimp My SQLDeveloper](#pimp-my-sqldeveloper) - a tool that removes the hassle of installing schemes in SQLDeveloper

- [Color Schemes](#color-schemes)

- UI themes (WIP)

Feel free to ask for new themes, report bugs or even contribute 😀!

## Pimp My SQLDeveloper

Since patching themes for SQLDeveloper is a pretty annoying task (all themes need to be stored in a huge xml file in a folder deep in the settings) I've created Pimp My SQLDeveloper to make the job easier. [Click Here to check it out!](./PimpMySQLDeveloper.html)

![Pimp My SQLDeveloper GUI](img/pimpmysqldeveloper/gui.png)

## Color Schemes

Currently the only color schemes available are conversions of some of the most
popular themes for Visual Studio Code. If you want to contribute with a new color scheme please add it's xml file, an example image of it's syntax and a link to the original repository, like in the schemes below:

### Ayu-Dark

[Original Repo](https://github.com/ayu-theme/vscode-ayu)
![Ayu-Dark Screenshot](img/schemes/ayu-dark.png)

### Ayu-Mirage

[Original Repo](https://github.com/ayu-theme/vscode-ayu)
![Ayu-Mirage Screenshot](img/schemes/ayu-mirage.png)

### Hopscotch

[Original Repo](https://github.com/idleberg/vscode-hopscotch)
![Hopscotch Screenshot](img/schemes/hopscotch.png)

### Nord Color Theme

[Original Repo](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/nord-visual-studio-code)
![Nord Color Theme Screenshot](img/schemes/nord.png)

### OneDark Pro

[Original Repo](https://github.com/Binaryify/OneDark-Pro)
![OneDark Pro Screenshot](img/schemes/onedark-pro.png)

### Palenight

[Original Repo](https://github.com/whizkydee/vscode-material-palenight-theme)
![Palenight Screenshot](img/schemes/palenight.png)

### Shades of Purple

[Original Repo](https://github.com/ahmadawais/shades-of-purple-vscode)
![Shades of Purple Screenshot](img/schemes/shades-of-purple.png)

### Winter is Coming Dark Blue

[Original Repo](https://github.com/johnpapa/vscode-winteriscoming)
![Winter is Coming Dark Blue Screenshot](img/schemes/winteriscoming-dark-blue.png)

### Winter is Coming Dark

[Original Repo](https://github.com/johnpapa/vscode-winteriscoming)
![Winter is Coming Dark Screenshot](img/schemes/winteriscoming-dark.png)

### Ayu-Light

[Original Repo](https://github.com/ayu-theme/vscode-ayu)
![Ayu-Light Screenshot](img/schemes/ayu-light.png)

### Winter is Coming Light

[Original Repo](https://github.com/johnpapa/vscode-winteriscoming)
![Winter is Coming Light Screenshot](img/schemes/winteriscoming-light.png)
